+++
title = "2012 Plans & Goals"
date = 2012-01-19T12:19:00-08:00
draft = true
slug = "2012/01/19/2012-plans-goals"
+++



With both feet firmly in the new year, it’s time to throw out a few plans and 
goals!

The stuff I’ve been working on (roughly explained [here][1]) has been going 
pretty darn well.  Posting progress screenshots and vague updates to twitter 
has helped progress, as has breaking things down into little bite-sized chunks. 

That’s not to say there isn’t quite a lot left to do, but the light at the 
end of the tunnel is a hell of a lot less dim than it was a few short months 
ago.  My hope/goal is to only need another couple of months before I can push 
the next big, and possibly final, update for The Dungeon.  It was never my 
goal to keep iterating on the game forever, and nothing I’ve seen or done recently 
has changed my mind. I’d like to fix all of the dumb, broken stuff, push it 
out, then move on to something new.

Still, all that being said, one of the things I’ve been toying with is a version 
of TD that’d live on the Mac App Store.  The Iconfactory made this great project 
called Chameleon that might make that nearly trivial, or at least not as massive 
a pain in the ass as it could have been.

I’d like to release one (or both) of my non-game projects.  Something that’ll 
shuffle albums the way I want and play podcasts in a sensible order would probably 
be worth a buck, and a grocery list app that works the way I want might be 
useful to someone else, too.

It’s also a goal of mine to write more publicly.  I’m not terrible at building 
technical things, but growing a community and marketing a product are not things 
I’ve had a great deal of practice with.  My limited understanding is that this 
kind of free-form writing can help with that, and I enjoy it when I get the 
chance, so writing more seems like a no brainer.  The first year I did this, 
I wrote 6 posts, then last year I had 12.  I don’t know if I’d like to double 
that number again, but I’d certainly like to try.

tl;dr: release dungeon 2.0, release something else™, write more



[1]: /blog/2011/10/31/half-bit-year-one