+++
title = "Weekly Update: 2-22-2015"
date = 2015-02-22T16:54:00-08:00
draft = false
slug = "2015/02/22/weekly-update-2-22-2015"
+++

This week went by in a flash, and not a whole lot got done!  Er.  Crap.  That's, uh, precisely the opposite of what I should be saying, huh?

It's true, though!  I was sick through most of the week, and Bullet Heck is starting to wind down in terms of features.  There are still a few bugs left to squash, and some rough edges to polish, and - oh.  Game Center, Leaderboards, score reporting, blech.  Monetization, too, I guess.  This is one of the problems with making stuff - even when you're done, you're not really done-done.

I guess the thing I poked at more this week was evaluating new environments.  I've been looking a ton at [luxe](http://www.luxeengine.com) and [snõwkit](http://snowkit.org/) because of [Jonathan Hirz](http://jonathanhirz.com/), a cool dude I know on Twitter.  (That had too many links.  I'll stop now, I swear.)  It's cross-platform, which is something I've wanted to be able to support for awhile.  Looks like pushing out builds for gamejams and stuff is way more doable with this, too.  It's early days, but people seem happy with it.

The tricky part now is figuring out which silly prototype idea ought to be dusted off to get built in this thing.

I still really want to make a more general, non-generative version of Pixatronic at some point but I'm not really a pixel artist, so I don't know if I'm the best to judge whether it's useful or not.  I have a few ideas on how to make it not suck, but I've had a lot of apathy towards that whole dumb thing - which is sad!  I'm actually still pretty proud of how the canvas was all put together, code-wise.  (Maybe that's all rose-colored glasses, or something.)

I need clones or interns or something.  Sheesh.